There is no stock yet
jump-off here the Chilean
the team wood
I have grown to reach 20 kilos 20 kilos
brought I saw the weak wind at xii and
red and the team of são jorge
village wood flu wood hamburger a
from helicopter
Look at the three jewels
ae
I'm only giving profits there who attacks
nobody was slow are worth
I relaxed
I do not think I 'm attacked, nobody's crazy.
minutes
It's good to come back but you're making it
this march
not only grabs grabs in almost zero
in his invention
You did not watch a famous one.
draft under red beyond the marginal
and that the wood we already play or
who kissed the war in favor of
size yellow green belt
the two train again